♪♪♪
♪ I WAS WALKING DOWN THE
STREET THE OTHER DAY ♪
♪ TRYING TO DISTRACT MYSELF ♪
♪ BUT THEN I SEE YOUR FACE ♪
♪ OOH WAIT THAT'S
SOMEONE ELSE ♪
♪ TRYING TO PLAY IT COY ♪
♪ TRYING TO MAKE
IT DISAPPEAR ♪
♪ BUT JUST LIKE THE
BATTLE OF TROY ♪
♪ THERE'S NOTHING
SUBTLE HERE ♪
♪ IN MY ROOM THERE'S A
KING SIZE SPACE ♪
♪ BIGGER THAN IT USED TO BE ♪
♪ IF YOU WANT YOU CAN
RENT THAT PLACE ♪
♪ CALL ME AN AMENITY ♪
♪ EVEN IF IT'S IN MY DREAMS ♪
♪ OOH YOU'RE TAKING UP
A FRACTION OF MY MIND ♪
♪ OOOOH EVERY TIME I
WATCH YOU SERPENTINE ♪
♪ OH I'M TRYING I'M TRYING I'M
TRYING I'M TRYING I'M TRYING ♪
♪ NOT TO THINK ABOUT YOU ♪
♪ NO NO NO ♪
♪ OH I'M TRYING I'M TRYING I'M
TRYING I'M TRYING I'M TRYING ♪
♪ NOT TO GIVE IN TO YOU ♪
♪ NO NO NO ♪
♪ WITH MY FEELINGS ON FIRE ♪
♪ GUESS I'M A BAD LIAR ♪
♪ I SEE HOW YOUR
ATTENTION BUILDS ♪
♪ IT'S LIKE LOOKING
IN A MIRROR ♪
♪ YOUR TOUCH LIKE
A HAPPY PILL ♪
♪ BUT STILL ALL
WE DO IS FEAR ♪
♪ WHAT COULD POSSIBLY
HAPPEN NEXT ♪
♪ CAN WE FOCUS ON THE LOVE ♪
♪ PAINT MY KISS
ACROSS YOUR CHEST ♪
♪ IF YOU'RE THE ART I'LL
BE THE BRUSH ♪
♪ OOH YOU'RE TAKING UP
A FRACTION OF MY MIND ♪
♪ OOOOH EVERY TIME I
WATCH YOU SERPENTINE ♪
♪ OH I'M TRYING I'M TRYING I'M
TRYING I'M TRYING I'M TRYING ♪
♪ NOT TO THINK ABOUT YOU ♪
♪ NO NO NO ♪
♪ OH I'M TRYING I'M TRYING I'M
TRYING I'M TRYING I'M TRYING ♪
♪ NOT TO GIVE IN TO YOU ♪
♪ NO NO NO ♪
♪ WITH MY FEELINGS ON FIRE ♪
♪ GUESS I'M A BAD LIAR ♪
♪ AND OH BABY LET'S MAKE REALITY
ACTUALITY A REALITY ♪
♪ REALITY OH BABY LET'S MAKE
REALITY ACTUALITY A REALITY ♪
♪ OH I'M TRYING I'M TRYING I'M
TRYING I'M TRYING I'M TRYING ♪
♪ NOT TO THINK ABOUT YOU ♪
♪ NO NO NO ♪
♪ OH I'M TRYING I'M TRYING I'M
TRYING I'M TRYING I'M TRYING ♪
♪ NOT TO GIVE IN TO YOU ♪
♪ NO NO NO ♪
♪ WITH MY FEELINGS ON FIRE ♪
♪ GUESS I'M A BAD LIAR ♪
[WIND BLOWING]
[WIND BLOWING.
BIRDS CHIRPING]